#手动整理全部的api分类 https://spec.whatwg.org/

## Compatibility 
参考网站 *https://compat.spec.whatwg.org/*
这个标准描述了一组非标准(通常是带有供应商前缀的)CSS属性和DOM api, web浏览器为了与实际web兼容需要支持这些属性和DOM api。
* Introduction
现在存在着越来越大的web内容库，依赖于支持大量带有webkit前缀的CSS属性和DOM api的web浏览器。对于移动优化的web内容尤其如此。
这个规范旨在描述用户代理支持web兼容性所需的带有webkit前缀的CSS属性和DOM api的最小集合。
* CSS Compatibility
    * CSS At-rules
    The following -webkit- vendor prefixed at-rules must be supported as aliases of the corresponding unprefixed at-rules:
    | -webkit- prefixed at-rule alias       | unprefixed at-rule    | 
    | --------    | -----: |
    |  @-webkit-keyframes	    | @keyframes |

    * CSS Media Queries
        * -webkit-device-pixel-ratio
        * -webkit-transform-3d
    * CSS Gradients
        * -webkit-linear-gradient()
        * -webkit-radial-gradient()
        * -webkit-repeating-linear-gradient()
        * -webkit-repeating-radial-gradient()
    * CSS Properties
        * Simple property aliases
        * Prefixed property aliases
        * Non-aliased vendor prefixed properties
        * Property mappings
        * Keyword mappings
        * Foreground Text Clipping: the -webkit-background-clip property
        * Text Fill and Stroking
            * Foreground Text Color: the -webkit-text-fill-color property
            * Text Stroke Color: the -webkit-text-stroke-color property
            * Text Stroke Thickness: the -webkit-text-stroke-width property
            * Text Stroke Shorthand: the -webkit-text-stroke property
    * CSS Property values
        * Additional touch-action values
* DOM Compatibility
    * The WebKitCSSMatrix interface
    * window.orientation API
        * window.orientation angle
        * Event Handlers on Window objects and body elements


## Console
The Console Standard defines APIs for console debugging facilities.

## DOM
The DOM Standard defines the core infrastructure used to define the web.

## Encoding
The Encoding Standard defines how character encodings work on the web.

## Fetch
The Fetch Standard defines the networking model for resource retrieval on the web.

## Fullscreen API
The Fullscreen API Standard defines how web pages can take over a user's entire screen (at the user's request), e.g., for gaming or to watch a video.

## HTML
The HTML Standard is a kitchen sink full of technologies for the web. It includes the core markup language for the web, HTML, as well as numerous APIs like Web Sockets, Web Workers, localStorage, etc.

## Infra
The Infra Standard aims to define the fundamental concepts upon which standards are built.

## MIME Sniffing
The MIME Sniffing Standard defines algorithms used to determine the type of resources.
## Notifications API
The Notifications API Standard provides an API to display notifications to alert users outside the context of a web page.
## Quirks Mode
The Quirks Mode Standard describes behaviours in CSS and Selectors that are not yet defined in the relevant specifications but that are nonetheless widely implemented.
## Storage
The Storage Standard defines an API for persistent storage and quota estimates, as well as the platform storage architecture.
## Streams
The Streams Standard provides APIs for creating, composing, and consuming streams of data that map efficiently to low-level I/O primitives.
## URL
The URL Standard defines the infrastructure around URLs on the web.

## XMLHttpRequest
The XMLHttpRequest Standard defines the networking API exposed to scripts on the web.